Is there any way to treat it?
No.
Before you go completely deaf,
I would suggest to spend time with the people that you love,
let their voices be the last ones you remember.
I think I just... I just wanted to hear your voice.
I'm married to cliche.
I'm absurd.
To believe that the last sound I wanted to hear was your voice.
Yeah, now.
Stephanie.
What are you doing back in the country?
A little deaf mouse.
You're hearing so awful, isn't it?
I'll never understand why William broke up with me to marry a cripple like you.
He's just too much of a say.
Oh, and he's throwing me a welcome party tonight.
You can come.
Just promise not to play your little victim game.
Why don't you even come?
William hates it when I'm around his friends.
You've only left the country because you got married.
Three years are almost up.
I'm going to leave that little deaf wrench.